WizTree is free for PERSONAL USE ONLY.

If you wish to use WizTree commercially, please purchase
an appropriate supporter code for each business site from:
https://diskanalyzer.com/donate

If you have a very large organization, please purchase an
Enterprise License for unlimited use of WizTree on all of
your organization's PCs at a single location:
https://diskanalyzer.com/donate#enterprise

For very large organizations with multiple locations, 
please purchase an Enterprise Multi Site License for 
unlimited use of WizTree at any number of locations:
https://diskanalyzer.com/donate#enterprisemulti

If you're unsure which license type to purchase please 
contact us and we'll help you pick the right option, or 
prepare a quote for you. Discounts are available to non 
profit organisations.

If you're a software developer wanting to package WizTree 
with your application, please purchase a 
"WizTree Distribution License subscription" from:
https://diskanalyzer.com/distribution-license

This EULA is available online here:
https://diskanalyzer.com/eula

-------------------------------------------------------------

END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA) OF WIZTREE

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal
agreement between you and Antibody Software Limited.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our
WizTree software ("Software") directly from Antibody
Software Limited or indirectly through a Antibody Software
Limited authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing
the installation process and using the WizTree software. It
provides a license to use the WizTree software and contains
warranty information and liability disclaimers.

By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the WizTree
software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software
and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA
agreement. If you are entering into this EULA agreement on
behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent
that you have the authority to bind such entity and its
affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have
such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and
conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the
Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software
supplied by Antibody Software Limited herewith regardless of
whether other software is referred to or described herein.
The terms also apply to any Antibody Software Limited
updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support
services for the Software, unless other terms accompany
those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

LICENSE GRANT

License Grant
WizTree is free for PERSONAL USE ONLY. Users using WizTree
for personal use are encouraged to purchase a “supporter
code” to help support further development of the software.

Use of WizTree in a commercial environment requires the
puchase of a “supporter code” for each business site
(physical location). The license type required per site is
based on the number of staff members at the site.

An "Enterprise License" is required for each business site
with more than 100 staff members.

For software developers wanting to package WizTree with
their application, a "WizTree Distribution License
subscription" is required.

Antibody Software Limited hereby grants you a personal,
non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to use the WizTree
software on your devices in accordance with the terms of
this EULA agreement. You are permitted to load the WizTree
software on a device under your control (for example a PC,
laptop, or tablet). You are responsible for ensuring your
device meets the minimum requirements of the WizTree
software.

If you have staff that provide technical support to
clients outside of your business, and you have purchased a
suitable supporter code license for the site that these
staff work from, then they may install the "free"
unregistered version of WizTree on the client devices if
required. They may not "register" WizTree on a client
device using the business supporter code. For technical
staff with physical access to client devices, we recommend
that they use a registered "portable" version of WizTree
on a portable storage device (such as a USB flash drive)
to avoid having to install WizTree on each client device.

You are not permitted to:
* Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change
  the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole
  or any part of the Software to be combined with or become
  incorporated in any other software, nor decompile,
  disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to
  do any such things

* Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the
  Software for any commercial purpose
  
* Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or
  for the benefit of any third party
  
* Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable
  local, national or international law
  
* Use the Software for any purpose that Antibody Software
  Limited considers is a breach of this EULA agreement
  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP
  
Antibody Software Limited shall at all times retain
ownership of the Software as originally downloaded by you
and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The
Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property
rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any
modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the
property of Antibody Software Limited. Antibody Software
Limited reserves the right to grant licences to use the
Software to third parties.

TERMINATION

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use
the Software and shall continue until terminated. You may
terminate it at any time upon written notice to Antibody
Software Limited. It will also terminate immediately if you
fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon
such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA
agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop
all access and use of the Software. The provisions that by
their nature continue and survive will survive any
termination of this EULA agreement.

GOVERNING LAW

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this EULA agreement, shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH THE
LICENSEE. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
IF ANY ALGORITHM IS PATENTED IN YOUR COUNTRY, YOU SHOULD
ACQUIRE A LICENSE BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

IN NO EVENT WILL THE AUTHOR OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY HAVE
DISTRIBUTED THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO
YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR
OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

WizTree
Copyright © 2012-2022 Antibody Software Limited
www.diskanalyzer.com
www.antibody-software.com
